README.md, before:

# PrivateSplit — Private Expense Splitting on Aleo

> Split expenses with friends without revealing who owes what, how much, or who paid.

**Live Demo:** https://privatesplit.vercel.app
**Contract:** `private_split_v2.aleo` on Aleo Testnet (v1 also deployed)
**Built for:** Aleo Privacy Buildathon by AKINDO — Wave 2
**GitHub:** https://github.com/Pratiikpy/PrivateSplit

---

## The Problem

Splitwise stores every expense, every amount, and every participant on their servers. Venmo publishes your payment activity by default. Every time you split a dinner or a trip with friends, a corporation learns your financial relationships, spending habits, and social graph.

**PrivateSplit keeps this data private.** Every amount, every participant, every debt — encrypted on-chain using zero-knowledge proofs. The only public information is an anonymous counter: "a split exists, N people were involved, M have paid."

---

## Privacy Comparison

Most ZK payment systems still leak financial data because they use public inputs in transitions. Here is a concrete comparison:

| Data | Splitwise | Venmo | Other ZK Apps | **PrivateSplit** |
|------|-----------|-------|--------------|-----------------|
| Payment amounts on-chain | N/A | N/A | **Public inputs** | **Never stored** |
| Merchant/recipient address | N/A | N/A | **Public inputs** | **Encrypted in record** |
| Who owes whom | Server | Server | N/A | **Zero on-chain trace** |
| Debt issuance event | Server | Server | On-chain | **No finalize — invisible** |
| Payment metadata | Server | Public | **Public field** | **Not supported (by design)** |
| Settlement event | Server | N/A | Hash visible | Anonymous counter only |

### Key Architecture Decision: `issue_debt` Has No Finalize

In PrivateSplit, when a creator issues a debt to a participant, **there is literally zero on-chain record that this happened**. The `issue_debt` transition has no `finalize` block. This means:

- No mapping is written
- No hash is stored
- No event is emitted
- The blockchain observer sees nothing

The participant's encrypted Debt record appears in their wallet. That is it. No blockchain explorer can determine who owes what to whom.

Hash-based invoice systems require on-chain registration, making this level of privacy difficult to achieve.

---

## Privacy Model

| Data | Storage | Visible To |
|------|---------|-----------|
| Total split amount | Split record (encrypted) | Creator only |
| Per-person share | Split + Debt records | Creator + debtor only |
| Who owes whom | Debt record (encrypted) | Debtor + creditor only |
| Payment amounts | Receipt records (encrypted) | Payer + creditor only |
| Payer identity | credits.aleo/transfer_private | Hidden by protocol |
| Split exists | `splits` mapping | Public (anonymous) |
| Number of participants | `splits` mapping | Public (just a count) |
| Number of payments | `splits` mapping | Public (just a count) |
| Settlement status | `splits` mapping | Public (0 or 1) |

**Zero amounts in any public mapping. Zero addresses in any public mapping. Zero private data in any finalize block.**

---

## Smart Contract: 6 Transitions, 4 Records, Zero Leaks

```
program private_split_v1.aleo (deployed on testnet) / private_split_v2.aleo (deployed on testnet)
│
├── Records (ALL private, encrypted to owner)
│   ├── Split         — Creator's record (total, per-person, count, expiry)
│   ├── Debt          — Participant's record (amount owed, to whom)
│   ├── PayerReceipt  — Payer's proof of payment
│   └── CreatorReceipt — Creator's proof of receipt
│
├── Mappings (ONLY anonymous counters, zero private data)
│   ├── splits:      split_id → {participant_count, payment_count, status, expiry_height}
│   └── split_salts: salt → split_id  (for post-creation lookup)
│
└── Transitions
    ├── create_split(total, count, salt, expiry) → Split + finalize (stores counters)
    ├── issue_debt(split_record, participant)     → Split + Debt    (NO FINALIZE)
    ├── pay_debt(debt_record, credits_record)     → receipts + finalize (increments counter)
    ├── settle_split(split_record)               → finalize (sets status=1)
    ├── expire_split(split_id)                   → finalize (sets status=2, checks block height)
    └── verify_split(split_id)                   → finalize (public read)
```

### Key Design: Only the Record Owner Can Spend It

Aleo's protocol enforces record ownership at the ZK proof level — not application logic. This means:
- Only the creator can issue debts (they own the Split record)
- Only the participant can pay their debt (they own the Debt record)
- Nobody can forge a receipt — ownership is cryptographically verified

---

## User Flow

```
Creator                              Participant
   │                                     │
   ├─ create_split(amount, 3, salt)       │
   │    → Split record (private)         │
   │    → splits mapping (counters only) │
   │                                     │
   ├─ issue_debt(split, alice)            │
   │    → Updated Split record           │
   │    → Debt record ──────────────────►│
   │       (NO ON-CHAIN TRACE)           │
   │                                     │
   │  Share payment link / QR code       │
   │  ──────────────────────────────────►│
   │                                     ├─ pay_debt(debt, credits)
   │                                     │    → transfer_private(to creator)
   │◄── CreatorReceipt (proof received)  │    → PayerReceipt (proof paid)
   │                                     │    → payment_count + 1 (on-chain)
   │                                     │
   ├─ settle_split(split_record)          │
   │    → status = 1 (settled)            │
```

---

## Wave 2 Progress Changelog

### New in Wave 2 (Feb 11–25, 2026)

**Smart Contract v2 (`private_split_v2.aleo`)**
- Deployed `private_split_v2.aleo` on Aleo Testnet (TX: `at1cvwkh4slx2rcx306kuvdw40nz7czkng3kp8yhx3nt2ghdnwxa5zs5n9u5l`)
- `issue_debt` transition with NO finalize block — zero on-chain trace
- 4 record types with zero amounts in public mappings
- Cryptographic settlement: only record owner can settle (protocol-enforced)
- NEW: Split expiry system — `expiry_height` stored in mapping, block-height based
- NEW: `expire_split` transition — anyone can expire a split past its deadline
- NEW: Expiry enforcement in `pay_debt` finalize — payments rejected after expiry
- Confirmed on-chain TX: `at1ue3v4t5u9rsmf7h7jnee8dhr6dguda59lrct68j3d4rjhm395vqqhjwcxv`

**Shield Wallet Integration (Wave 2 Mandatory)**
- Full Shield Wallet support via `@provablehq/aleo-wallet-adaptor-react`
- Real `credits.aleo/transfer_private` payments (not mocked)
- NEW: Automatic `transfer_public_to_private` fallback when no private records found
- 4-strategy split_id retrieval after transaction finalization
- Robust record matching using structured field parsing

**Privacy Architecture**
- Cryptographically secure salt via `crypto.getRandomValues()` (not `Math.random()`)
- Backend encrypts all sensitive fields (addresses + amounts) with AES-256-GCM
- COOP/COEP headers for WASM isolation (required for Aleo SDK)
- Zero private data in any finalize scope
- NEW: Trust model documentation — explains exactly what you trust at each layer

**Frontend — Feature-Rich Expense Splitting (Wave 2 Overhaul)**
- Full UI redesign: glassmorphic dark fintech aesthetic with Inter + JetBrains Mono typography
- NEW: 8 expense categories (Dinner, Groceries, Rent, Travel, Utilities, Entertainment, Shopping, Other) with Lucide icons and colored badges
- NEW: Split expiry selection (1h, 24h, 3d, 7d, 30d, or no expiry)
- NEW: Token type toggle (ALEO credits / USDCx) — USDCx ready for v2 deployment
- NEW: My Splits dashboard — personal wallet-filtered view with activity chart, category breakdown, stat cards
- NEW: Enhanced Explorer — network stats, daily activity chart, category breakdown, recent splits
- NEW: Receipt export — download JSON receipts for payer or creator
- NEW: Trust model section on Privacy page
- 11 functional pages: Dashboard, Create, Pay, Split Detail, My Splits, Explorer, Verification, Privacy, Vision, Docs, Connect
- Status badges with animated pulse indicators (active/settled/pending/expired)
- Progress bars on split cards and explorer results
- QR code generation for payment link sharing
- Category filters and status filters on split lists
- On-chain explorer with split ID, salt, and TX hash lookup
- Receipt verification: scan wallet for PayerReceipt/CreatorReceipt, cross-check on-chain
- Privacy comparison table (vs Splitwise, Venmo, other ZK apps)
- Complete data flow diagram showing the full lifecycle
- Responsive mobile layout with slide-out navigation

**Backend v2**
- Vercel Serverless Functions (demo) / Node.js + Express + Supabase (production)
- AES-256-GCM encrypted storage for all sensitive fields
- REST API for cross-device split recovery
- NEW: `/api/stats` endpoint — network-wide statistics (total splits, volume, categories, daily activity)
- NEW: `/api/receipt/:splitId/:type` — receipt export endpoint
- NEW: Category, expiry, and token type support in split creation
- NEW: Category and token type filter parameters on split listing

---

## How to Test (Wave 2)

### Prerequisites
- [Shield Wallet](https://www.leo.app/) browser extension installed
- Aleo Testnet credits (get from [faucet](https://faucet.aleo.org/))

### Step-by-Step

1. **Connect**: Visit https://privatesplit.vercel.app → Connect Shield Wallet
2. **Create**: Go to Create → Enter description, total amount, participant count + addresses
3. **Issue Debts**: On the split detail page → click "ISSUE" for each participant
4. **Share**: Copy the payment link or scan the QR code
5. **Pay**: Participants follow the payment link → click "EXECUTE PAYMENT"
6. **Verify**: Visit Explorer → paste split ID → see on-chain status (or use Verification page)
7. **Settle**: Creator clicks "SETTLE SPLIT" when all payments received

### Pre-Populated Test Data

The Explorer page includes quick-lookup buttons with confirmed on-chain data:
- **Split ID**: `1904758949858929157912240259749859140762221531679669196161601694830550064831field`
- **Salt**: `987654321098765field`
- **TX Hash**: `at1ue3v4t5u9rsmf7h7jnee8dhr6dguda59lrct68j3d4rjhm395vqqhjwcxv`

### Test with CLI (Advanced)

```bash
# Verify split on-chain
curl https://api.provable.com/v2/testnet/program/private_split_v1.aleo/mapping/splits/{split_id}

# View program on explorer
# https://testnet.explorer.provable.com/program/private_split_v1.aleo
```

---

## Architecture

```
┌───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  FRONTEND  (React 18 + TypeScript + Vite + Tailwind)      │
│  Live: privatesplit.vercel.app                             │
│  Shield Wallet via @provablehq/aleo-wallet-adaptor-react   │
│  Glassmorphic UI: Inter + JetBrains Mono, dark theme       │
│  11 pages · Categories · Expiry · Token types · Receipts   │
├───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  LEO SMART CONTRACT  (private_split_v1.aleo / v2.aleo)    │
│  Aleo Testnet — 6 transitions, 4 records, 2 mappings      │
│  Zero amounts in mappings · Zero private data in finalize  │
│  issue_debt: NO finalize (100% private operation)          │
│  v2: expiry system, expire_split transition                │
├───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  BACKEND  (Vercel Serverless / Express + Supabase)         │
│  AES-256-GCM encrypted: addresses + amounts               │
│  REST API: splits, stats, receipts, cross-device recovery  │
└───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

**Note:** The live demo at privatesplit.vercel.app uses Vercel serverless functions with pre-populated sample data. The production backend (in `/backend/`) uses Supabase PostgreSQL with AES-256-GCM encryption for all sensitive fields.

---

## Tech Stack

| Layer | Technology |
|-------|-----------|
| Smart Contract | Leo (Aleo) |
| Blockchain | Aleo Testnet |
| Frontend | React 18 + TypeScript + Vite |
| Styling | Tailwind CSS (glassmorphic dark theme) |
| Typography | Inter (UI) + JetBrains Mono (data) |
| State | Zustand + localStorage |
| Wallet | Shield Wallet (primary), Leo, Puzzle, Fox, Soter |
| Backend | Vercel Serverless (demo) / Express (production) |
| Database | In-Memory Store (demo) / Supabase (production) |
| Encryption | AES-256-GCM |
| Deployment | Vercel |

---

## Security

- Record ownership enforced by Aleo protocol at ZK proof level
- Nullifiers prevent double-spending (automatic, no manual implementation)
- No private data in any finalize block (verified — only anonymous counters)
- Cryptographically secure random salt: `crypto.getRandomValues(new Uint8Array(16))`
- AES-256-GCM with random IVs for all off-chain encrypted data
- COOP/COEP headers prevent cross-origin data leaks

---

## What's Next (Wave 3+)

- USDCx stablecoin payments via `token_registry.aleo` (UI toggle ready, contract ready)
- Deploy `private_split_v2.aleo` with full expiry enforcement
- Group expense templates (recurring splits with saved participant lists)
- Merchant dashboard with earnings analytics
- Treasury management for organizations
- Mobile app (React Native / Expo)
- Multi-payment invoices (pay partial amounts)
- Dispute resolution system with on-chain evidence

---

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Wire API to Supabase, fix frontend bugs, update README accuracy
- Rewrite all API handlers to use Supabase with in-memory fallback
- Add _supabase.js client and async _store.js with dual storage
- Add /api/stats and /api/receipt endpoints
- Add AbortController to Dashboard useEffect
- Use exponential backoff in usePaySplit record retry
- Update .gitignore for v2 contract paths
- Fix README: GitHub URL, v1→v2 CLI examples, backend description
- Add @supabase/supabase-js dependency
- Delete exposed .env private key

README.md, after:

# PrivateSplit — Private Expense Splitting on Aleo

> Split expenses with friends without revealing who owes what, how much, or who paid.

**Live Demo:** https://privatesplit.vercel.app
**Contract:** `private_split_v2.aleo` on Aleo Testnet (v1 also deployed)
**Built for:** Aleo Privacy Buildathon by AKINDO — Wave 2
**GitHub:** https://github.com/xaoraoxaoroa/privatesplit

---

## The Problem

Splitwise stores every expense, every amount, and every participant on their servers. Venmo publishes your payment activity by default. Every time you split a dinner or a trip with friends, a corporation learns your financial relationships, spending habits, and social graph.

**PrivateSplit keeps this data private.** Every amount, every participant, every debt — encrypted on-chain using zero-knowledge proofs. The only public information is an anonymous counter: "a split exists, N people were involved, M have paid."

---

## Privacy Comparison

Most ZK payment systems still leak financial data because they use public inputs in transitions. Here is a concrete comparison:

| Data | Splitwise | Venmo | Other ZK Apps | **PrivateSplit** |
|------|-----------|-------|--------------|-----------------|
| Payment amounts on-chain | N/A | N/A | **Public inputs** | **Never stored** |
| Merchant/recipient address | N/A | N/A | **Public inputs** | **Encrypted in record** |
| Who owes whom | Server | Server | N/A | **Zero on-chain trace** |
| Debt issuance event | Server | Server | On-chain | **No finalize — invisible** |
| Payment metadata | Server | Public | **Public field** | **Not supported (by design)** |
| Settlement event | Server | N/A | Hash visible | Anonymous counter only |

### Key Architecture Decision: `issue_debt` Has No Finalize

In PrivateSplit, when a creator issues a debt to a participant, **there is literally zero on-chain record that this happened**. The `issue_debt` transition has no `finalize` block. This means:

- No mapping is written
- No hash is stored
- No event is emitted
- The blockchain observer sees nothing

The participant's encrypted Debt record appears in their wallet. That is it. No blockchain explorer can determine who owes what to whom.

Hash-based invoice systems require on-chain registration, making this level of privacy difficult to achieve.

---

## Privacy Model

| Data | Storage | Visible To |
|------|---------|-----------|
| Total split amount | Split record (encrypted) | Creator only |
| Per-person share | Split + Debt records | Creator + debtor only |
| Who owes whom | Debt record (encrypted) | Debtor + creditor only |
| Payment amounts | Receipt records (encrypted) | Payer + creditor only |
| Payer identity | credits.aleo/transfer_private | Hidden by protocol |
| Split exists | `splits` mapping | Public (anonymous) |
| Number of participants | `splits` mapping | Public (just a count) |
| Number of payments | `splits` mapping | Public (just a count) |
| Settlement status | `splits` mapping | Public (0 or 1) |

**Zero amounts in any public mapping. Zero addresses in any public mapping. Zero private data in any finalize block.**

---

## Smart Contract: 6 Transitions, 4 Records, Zero Leaks

```
program private_split_v1.aleo (deployed on testnet) / private_split_v2.aleo (deployed on testnet)
│
├── Records (ALL private, encrypted to owner)
│   ├── Split         — Creator's record (total, per-person, count, expiry)
│   ├── Debt          — Participant's record (amount owed, to whom)
│   ├── PayerReceipt  — Payer's proof of payment
│   └── CreatorReceipt — Creator's proof of receipt
│
├── Mappings (ONLY anonymous counters, zero private data)
│   ├── splits:      split_id → {participant_count, payment_count, status, expiry_height}
│   └── split_salts: salt → split_id  (for post-creation lookup)
│
└── Transitions
    ├── create_split(total, count, salt, expiry) → Split + finalize (stores counters)
    ├── issue_debt(split_record, participant)     → Split + Debt    (NO FINALIZE)
    ├── pay_debt(debt_record, credits_record)     → receipts + finalize (increments counter)
    ├── settle_split(split_record)               → finalize (sets status=1)
    ├── expire_split(split_id)                   → finalize (sets status=2, checks block height)
    └── verify_split(split_id)                   → finalize (public read)
```

### Key Design: Only the Record Owner Can Spend It

Aleo's protocol enforces record ownership at the ZK proof level — not application logic. This means:
- Only the creator can issue debts (they own the Split record)
- Only the participant can pay their debt (they own the Debt record)
- Nobody can forge a receipt — ownership is cryptographically verified

---

## User Flow

```
Creator                              Participant
   │                                     │
   ├─ create_split(amount, 3, salt)       │
   │    → Split record (private)         │
   │    → splits mapping (counters only) │
   │                                     │
   ├─ issue_debt(split, alice)            │
   │    → Updated Split record           │
   │    → Debt record ──────────────────►│
   │       (NO ON-CHAIN TRACE)           │
   │                                     │
   │  Share payment link / QR code       │
   │  ──────────────────────────────────►│
   │                                     ├─ pay_debt(debt, credits)
   │                                     │    → transfer_private(to creator)
   │◄── CreatorReceipt (proof received)  │    → PayerReceipt (proof paid)
   │                                     │    → payment_count + 1 (on-chain)
   │                                     │
   ├─ settle_split(split_record)          │
   │    → status = 1 (settled)            │
```

---

## Wave 2 Progress Changelog

### New in Wave 2 (Feb 11–25, 2026)

**Smart Contract v2 (`private_split_v2.aleo`)**
- Deployed `private_split_v2.aleo` on Aleo Testnet (TX: `at1cvwkh4slx2rcx306kuvdw40nz7czkng3kp8yhx3nt2ghdnwxa5zs5n9u5l`)
- `issue_debt` transition with NO finalize block — zero on-chain trace
- 4 record types with zero amounts in public mappings
- Cryptographic settlement: only record owner can settle (protocol-enforced)
- NEW: Split expiry system — `expiry_height` stored in mapping, block-height based
- NEW: `expire_split` transition — anyone can expire a split past its deadline
- NEW: Expiry enforcement in `pay_debt` finalize — payments rejected after expiry
- Confirmed on-chain TX: `at1ue3v4t5u9rsmf7h7jnee8dhr6dguda59lrct68j3d4rjhm395vqqhjwcxv`

**Shield Wallet Integration (Wave 2 Mandatory)**
- Full Shield Wallet support via `@provablehq/aleo-wallet-adaptor-react`
- Real `credits.aleo/transfer_private` payments (not mocked)
- NEW: Automatic `transfer_public_to_private` fallback when no private records found
- 4-strategy split_id retrieval after transaction finalization
- Robust record matching using structured field parsing

**Privacy Architecture**
- Cryptographically secure salt via `crypto.getRandomValues()` (not `Math.random()`)
- Backend encrypts all sensitive fields (addresses + amounts) with AES-256-GCM
- COOP/COEP headers for WASM isolation (required for Aleo SDK)
- Zero private data in any finalize scope
- NEW: Trust model documentation — explains exactly what you trust at each layer

**Frontend — Feature-Rich Expense Splitting (Wave 2 Overhaul)**
- Full UI redesign: glassmorphic dark fintech aesthetic with Inter + JetBrains Mono typography
- NEW: 8 expense categories (Dinner, Groceries, Rent, Travel, Utilities, Entertainment, Shopping, Other) with Lucide icons and colored badges
- NEW: Split expiry selection (1h, 24h, 3d, 7d, 30d, or no expiry)
- NEW: Token type toggle (ALEO credits / USDCx) — USDCx ready for v2 deployment
- NEW: My Splits dashboard — personal wallet-filtered view with activity chart, category breakdown, stat cards
- NEW: Enhanced Explorer — network stats, daily activity chart, category breakdown, recent splits
- NEW: Receipt export — download JSON receipts for payer or creator
- NEW: Trust model section on Privacy page
- 11 functional pages: Dashboard, Create, Pay, Split Detail, My Splits, Explorer, Verification, Privacy, Vision, Docs, Connect
- Status badges with animated pulse indicators (active/settled/pending/expired)
- Progress bars on split cards and explorer results
- QR code generation for payment link sharing
- Category filters and status filters on split lists
- On-chain explorer with split ID, salt, and TX hash lookup
- Receipt verification: scan wallet for PayerReceipt/CreatorReceipt, cross-check on-chain
- Privacy comparison table (vs Splitwise, Venmo, other ZK apps)
- Complete data flow diagram showing the full lifecycle
- Responsive mobile layout with slide-out navigation

**Backend v2**
- Vercel Serverless Functions with Supabase PostgreSQL (in-memory fallback when env vars not set)
- AES-256-GCM encrypted storage for all sensitive fields
- REST API for cross-device split recovery
- NEW: `/api/stats` endpoint — network-wide statistics (total splits, volume, categories, daily activity)
- NEW: `/api/receipt/:splitId/:type` — receipt export endpoint
- NEW: Category, expiry, and token type support in split creation
- NEW: Category and token type filter parameters on split listing

---

## How to Test (Wave 2)

### Prerequisites
- [Shield Wallet](https://www.leo.app/) browser extension installed
- Aleo Testnet credits (get from [faucet](https://faucet.aleo.org/))

### Step-by-Step

1. **Connect**: Visit https://privatesplit.vercel.app → Connect Shield Wallet
2. **Create**: Go to Create → Enter description, total amount, participant count + addresses
3. **Issue Debts**: On the split detail page → click "ISSUE" for each participant
4. **Share**: Copy the payment link or scan the QR code
5. **Pay**: Participants follow the payment link → click "EXECUTE PAYMENT"
6. **Verify**: Visit Explorer → paste split ID → see on-chain status (or use Verification page)
7. **Settle**: Creator clicks "SETTLE SPLIT" when all payments received

### Pre-Populated Test Data

The Explorer page includes quick-lookup buttons with confirmed on-chain data:
- **Split ID**: `1904758949858929157912240259749859140762221531679669196161601694830550064831field`
- **Salt**: `987654321098765field`
- **TX Hash**: `at1ue3v4t5u9rsmf7h7jnee8dhr6dguda59lrct68j3d4rjhm395vqqhjwcxv`

### Test with CLI (Advanced)

```bash
# Verify split on-chain (v2)
curl https://api.provable.com/v2/testnet/program/private_split_v2.aleo/mapping/splits/{split_id}

# View program on explorer
# https://testnet.explorer.provable.com/program/private_split_v2.aleo
```

---

## Architecture

```
┌───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  FRONTEND  (React 18 + TypeScript + Vite + Tailwind)      │
│  Live: privatesplit.vercel.app                             │
│  Shield Wallet via @provablehq/aleo-wallet-adaptor-react   │
│  Glassmorphic UI: Inter + JetBrains Mono, dark theme       │
│  11 pages · Categories · Expiry · Token types · Receipts   │
├───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  LEO SMART CONTRACT  (private_split_v1.aleo / v2.aleo)    │
│  Aleo Testnet — 6 transitions, 4 records, 2 mappings      │
│  Zero amounts in mappings · Zero private data in finalize  │
│  issue_debt: NO finalize (100% private operation)          │
│  v2: expiry system, expire_split transition                │
├───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  BACKEND  (Vercel Serverless / Express + Supabase)         │
│  AES-256-GCM encrypted: addresses + amounts               │
│  REST API: splits, stats, receipts, cross-device recovery  │
└───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

**Note:** The Vercel deployment uses serverless functions backed by Supabase PostgreSQL. When `SUPABASE_URL` and `SUPABASE_KEY` env vars are set, all data persists in Supabase. Without them, an in-memory store with demo data is used as fallback.

---

## Tech Stack

| Layer | Technology |
|-------|-----------|
| Smart Contract | Leo (Aleo) |
| Blockchain | Aleo Testnet |
| Frontend | React 18 + TypeScript + Vite |
| Styling | Tailwind CSS (glassmorphic dark theme) |
| Typography | Inter (UI) + JetBrains Mono (data) |
| State | Zustand + localStorage |
| Wallet | Shield Wallet (primary), Leo, Puzzle, Fox, Soter |
| Backend | Vercel Serverless Functions + Supabase |
| Database | Supabase PostgreSQL (with in-memory fallback) |
| Encryption | AES-256-GCM |
| Deployment | Vercel |

---

## Security

- Record ownership enforced by Aleo protocol at ZK proof level
- Nullifiers prevent double-spending (automatic, no manual implementation)
- No private data in any finalize block (verified — only anonymous counters)
- Cryptographically secure random salt: `crypto.getRandomValues(new Uint8Array(16))`
- AES-256-GCM with random IVs for all off-chain encrypted data
- COOP/COEP headers prevent cross-origin data leaks

---

## What's Next (Wave 3+)

- USDCx stablecoin payments via `token_registry.aleo` (UI toggle ready, contract ready)
- Deploy `private_split_v2.aleo` with full expiry enforcement
- Group expense templates (recurring splits with saved participant lists)
- Merchant dashboard with earnings analytics
- Treasury management for organizations
- Mobile app (React Native / Expo)
- Multi-payment invoices (pay partial amounts)
- Dispute resolution system with on-chain evidence

---

## License

MIT
